imap retriever integration package (#878)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/python/integrations/retrievers/imap.mdx

---
title: Imap
---

# ImapRetriever

> This guide will help you get started with the IMAP [retriever](/docs/concepts/retrievers). The `ImapRetriever` enables search and retrieval of emails from IMAP servers as LangChain `Document` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will help you get started with the IMAP [retriever](/oss/integrations/retrievers). The `ImapRetriever` enables search and retrieval of emails from IMAP servers as LangChain `Document` objects.
```
